[doc] Add Uninstall @types/next in Upgrading Doc (#7830)
zeit/next.js: UPGRADING.md

Usage of [`fork-ts-checker-webpack-plugin`](https://github.com/Realytics/fork-ts-checker-webpack-plugin/issues) should also be removed from your `next.config.js`.

> Typescript Definitions are also published with next npm package. So you need to uninstall `@types/next` as they would conflict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typescript Definitions are published with the `next` package, so you need to uninstall `@types/next` as they would conflict.
```

> Following types have changed: (may not be a comprehensive list, do give PRs for modifications)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following types are different:
```

> From:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This list was created by the community to help you upgrade, if you find other differences please send a pull-request to this list to help other users.

From:
```
